For the Locus analysis all the required features present in the Uniprot and Genbank files were filtered and added to each of the protein page.
A Blastp selecting the Swissprot database was performed on all proteins in order to evaluate, up to 20 hits, similarities with another species’ proteins. This would give another insight on the significant number of hypothetical and uncharacterized proteins present in the locus and therefore allow for a more thorough analysis. The hypothetical and non-hypothetical proteins were also separated and identified by the NCBI Refseq accession number.
The construction of a phylogenetic tree for the whole locus genome was an approach to access similarities between sequences and possibly infer some characteristics of not annotated proteins by similarity and by distance in the tree. The hypothesis of not annotated gene/proteins having similar function to ones on the same branch with full annotation is interesting in a bioinformatics and Biosystems standpoint and definitely worth analyzing. For this Clustal2 and ClustalOmega was used and the image exported and fitted with hiperlinks for each ID.
One example is the branch containing the proteins VATA1_TREPA (WP_010881874.1), FLII_TREPA (WP_010881850.1). Those were connected by being part of the motility of the organism and interestingly were organized in the same branch. Further analysis revealed that other proteins, namely (WP_010881814.1 - CHEY_TREPA – Chemotaxis related protein) are aligned closely to another proteins that are uncharacterized. This could have some significance and is valuable additional information on the still unknown protein function. 
A Blast of the selected proteins cleared VATA1_TREPA and FLII_TREPA for human homologues therefore creating a primary safeguard for inhibition. 
Neither penicillin resistant proteins nor any antibiotic degrading enzymes were found in this locus therefore it can be inferred that this locus has not any relation to drug resistance. This can also mean that enzyme and motility inhibition (by for example FLII_TREPA - Flagellum-specific ATP synthase - WP_010881850.1) inhibition for example) is one possible strategy for the spirochete infection inhibition.
There were many enzymes in the locus which are interesting, for example, for FBA analysis with the objective of stopping metabolic ATP production in, for example flagellar areas or inhibit chemotaxis inducing proteins such as CheY as they are most important in the stealth side of the infection. 
The annotation of the genes is extremely important for hypothetical and predicted protein homologue accession. It is therefore easier to infer all the possible functions and have a bigger genomic picture. More research is in order for the objective of reuniting even more information and therefore refine the analysis on a metabolic level.
